hi guys another update I don't really
know if I'm gonna be vlogging this whole
day but I have some really great news
and I'm just so excited about it here so
my last vlog you know that I'm looking
for a place to move out and I finally
got one I was talking about you know
this perfect place that I found and I
officially got it happen I am signing
the lease tomorrow I know it's gonna be
you know very different and I'm a little
nervous about it but just more excited
I'm hoping that you guys will enjoy
seeing you know this new journey ahead
planning on vlogging a lot more as well
you know once
I'm getting into the place and moving
out moving all my stuff and probably
gonna be going like furniture shopping
and things like that because I do have
my Beauty room and my bedroom the
furniture but dude you gotta have family
room and kitchen/dining room things like
that so yeah and my birthday is next
month and I'm moving out like a week
before my birthday so that's super
exciting so yeah I just wanted to update
you guys and I am on my way took a
really long drive to visit Anthony and
Bella it's like an hour drive every time
okay this truck is totally gonna like
get in my way like
that was ridiculous one of those
gigantic trucks was turning and would
have hit me
it's kind of hard living so far away
usually I'm just staying here you know
for the night because
usually stay here like for the night
just because it's a very long drive and
I do live pretty far away
but yeah
you guys and I get that I don't know if
I'm going to be vlogging all day but I
try to
very exciting